== Welcome to Discuss

	  DISCUSS is a simple web application to facilitate small group discussions. 
	  It allows users to begin a discussion and then allow everyone to participate.
	  DISCUSS is written using Ruby on Rails.

== Getting Started

	  1. You will need to install these files on a computer that can run Linux or Unix.
	  Installing then in the home directory works well for the author. Just copy over the
	  whole directly.  The files and directories should not be rearranged but must be kept 
	  in their original directories.  Directories and files should not be renamed unless 
	  you are doing your own development and are familiar with Rails.

	  2. Using your command line tool, you should install the required gems (special 
	  software components written in Ruby) by going to the root directory for DISCUSS and type:

	  bundle install

	  3. Wait until bundle install is completed. It may take awhile.  Then set up the DISCUSS 
	  database by typing:

	  rake db:migrate
	  
	  4. Activate the Rails server by typing:

	  rails s

	  5. Open your web browser and go to the following URL to locally see and use DISCUSS:

	  http://localhost:3000/ 

	  and if prompted, use the following authentication values of

	  User Name: discuss

	  Password: 17talk90

	  6. Other users on your network might be able to see and use the application by using their
	  browser to go to the URL for your computer (where DISCUSS is hosted) appended with ":3000"
	  without the quotes. Whether this will work and for whom depends upon your network set-up.

	  7. DISCUSS can be made available for users across the internet by using a publicly
	  available server, but the set up for that is beyond this document. There are special companies
	  that specialize in hosting Rails web applications that may work best for you.

	  8. DISCUSS is only intended for use by a limited, trusted group of people. You will need to
	  give them a username and password. For simplicity, everyone can share the same user name and 
	  password. The default values are shown above. You can customize those values by editing line 3
	  in each of the following files:

	  posts_controller.rb
	  comments_controller.rb

	  Or you can remove these lines and add your own authentication system.

== Instructions for Use

	  To start participating in discussions, click on "The Discussion Forum" link.
	  Start a discussion thread by creating a Post. Discuss posts using adding Comments
	  (also known as notes). Deleting Posts also deletes associated comments, 
	  so this should be avoided when possible.
	  Reply to comments by creating additional comments.
	  
== About
	  DISCUSS is written using Ruby 1.9.2 with Rails 3.1.0. It draws heavily from the Rails tutorial,
	  but then branches off by experimenting with CSS and other interface elements.
	  Developed by Mark Ciotola. See contact information at bottom of page.</P>
	  
== Copyright Notice</h2>
	  <P>DISCUSS is subject to the GNU License.

